# Skills, Tactics, Plays - 3 {#t20163}

# Communications Recap

-   Gitter
-   robocup-training repo

# Questions about Plays?

-   We're going to slow down a bit after last meeting
    -   We're going to catch up everyone who's behind, and give you a chance to work on something real if you're ahead!
-   Topics Covered:
    -   Subbehaviors
    -   Role Requirements
    -   Creating Plays

## Additional Information

-   See the previous slide deck and docs for more information, they should be a pretty comprehensive overview of our play system.

# Misc Plays Information

## Do we have any Subbehaviors?

```python
# Returns True if we have any subbehaivors
self.has_subbehaviors()
```

## Get all Subbehaviors

```python
# Returns an array of all subbehaviors
self.all_subbehaviors()
```

## Is a Subbehaivor Done?

-   Done = our completed or failed states

```python
self.subbehavior_with_name('mybehavior').is_done_running()
```

## Docs

-   [These are docs for this section. Check subclass docs as well!](https://robojackets.github.io/robocup-software/classgameplay_1_1behavior_1_1_behavior.html)

# CoordinatedPass Overview

-   Coordinated Pass is a complicated tactic with a lot of different features
-   It is used everywhere, and it isn't terribly complicated

## TODO INSERT COORDINATED PASS DIAGRAM HERE

## Go through Coordinated Pass

## Overview

-   We went through everything in coordinated pass, which is located [here](https://github.com/RoboJackets/robocup-software/blob/master/soccer/gameplay/tactics/coordinated_pass.py).
-   Using what we learnt in previous sections, this should be fairly self explanitory.
-   For a high level overview, check out the [coordinated pass](https://robojackets.github.io/robocup-software/classgameplay_1_1tactics_1_1coordinated__pass_1_1_coordinated_pass.html) docs page.

# Assignment

-   Create a Triangle Pass Play
-   Round up 3 Robots in a Triangle, and pass between them.
-   Starter code is in `soccer/gameplay/plays/skel/binary_clock.py` (same as last time).
-   Move it to `soccer/gameplay/plays/training/triangle_pass.py` to begin.

## Tips

1.  Use Move Skills to move your robots to the triangle initially
2.  Use the CoordinatedPass Tactic to pass between, setting receive points as sides of the triangle
3.  At a bare minimum, I would make setup and passing states. You may want to have a state for every side of the triangle (or not).
